Add markdown link (#13002)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: web_development_101/installations/setting_up_git.md

#### Step 2.5 Testing your key

> Go to [this article](https://help.github.com/en/articles/testing-your-ssh-connection) and verify everything matches up, if it doesn't try doing these steps again, or come to the discord chat for help. 

Reviewer: The grammar here still isn't quite right.

```suggestion
Follow the directions [this article from GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/articles/testing-your-ssh-connection) to verify your SSH connection. If the output doesn't correctly match up, then try going through these steps again or come to [the Discord chat](https://discord.gg/hvqVr6d) to ask for help. 
```
